Hi Franz-Joseph,
it seems that a kinda a convergence may be achieved,
to summarize,
1) we merge the figs on the potential values (old figs 2-4)
   into one.
2) regarding whether to merge several of the gap figs into one single fig,
   we are still in doubt, chiefly due to the fact that we feel it will
   hamper the readability of the ms, since the flow in the discussion
   (or you may say the more pedagogical side of the ms) rests on 
   a sequential discussion of the results. We feel it more pleasant
   to the eye to pause on one fig at the time as the disc proceeds rather
   than making a huge (and thereby often confusing ) collective fig.
   You also have to bear in mind that if we submit it to PRC, there will
   most likely be a sizable reduction from the printer's side of such a figure.
   Obviously however, it is a matter of taste. We think also as you say
   that the figures on various sp energies are superfluous , it suffices
   to state something about the properties of the sp energies in the text.

   Regarding your comment about the old pots v.s. the new ones and the gap
   results, you will see that there are differences at momenta up to
   2.0 fm^-1 even between the paris and bonn B  and the new potentials.
   The new potentials give much more similar results for the gap than do
   the old ones. Just look at the following values for the gap at 1.8 fm^-1
   cd-bonn 0.44
   nim I   0.46
   nim II  0.44

   v14     0.76
   paris   0.52
   bonnb   0.49

   And the diffs become even larger at higher densities, i.e. around 2.0.

   What we feel is important is that the discrepancies between various
   pots up to the reliable value of 2.0 ( roughly 350 MeV in lab energy)
   are much smaller now than compared with previous pots.
   This means that although the new pots have differing mathematical
   structures, they yield essentially the same gaps and phase shifts,
   sicne obviously they are fitted to the same data sets. Not so is the
   case with the old pots, and you can see already the scatter in the above 
   results. It is crucial to keep these results aside since the old pots
   are fitted to different data sets, the paris from the mid 70s,
   and the v14 early 80s and bonn b late 80s. In this sense, 
   it is like comparing apples with bananas.

   However, what we propose, instead of a fig with all gaps in one
   (7 data lines are too many, one should at most have some 5 data lines,
    have in mind also that the fig will be reduced, and then totally illegible
    with 7 lines) is to have a table with the gaps for all pots. At least
    those with a free sp spectrum. Then the reader can really assess
   the differences.
  
   The important point with the ms, is that, in contrast to the 1S0 wave,
   there is a big ambiguity in the value of the gap for densities
   corresponding to lab energies > 350 MeV. people have  not thought of that
   before, and what we show is that up to 2.0 the new pots give 
   essentially the same results for the gap (in contrast to the old ones) .
   Given this ambiguity above 350 MeV, the need for better pots is imperative,
   especially if one thinks of the importanca this will have for cooling calcs.
   We actually have a point there, and this can motivate the pots constructors
   to do a better job in the future.

   We feel also that to have the old pots phase shifts is redundant since they
    are published and discussed in depth in the literature. One should also
   emphasize the new stuff as it is this which everybody is using one, and 
   that can motivate for new fits above 350 MeV.  Therefore, in order not
   to distract the attention of the reader with the old stuff, we prefer
   to focus in the text on the gaps with the new pots, although there is
   no claim that they are perfect, but at least they agree in  a
   much better up to the points where the pots are fitted. 

   We propose also to have a fig with the new pots for the 3F2 wave. 


   So, instead of giant fig with all gaps in one, we propose the old 
   setting but in addition a table with all gaps. Then you don't need
   to prepare your fig (we should also keep same fig style in the ms,
   it never looks fine when different plotting progs have been used to
   prepare figs). We will however send you the cd-bonn results, see below.

   In addition, old fig 8 gets added a fig with the 3f2 stuff as well,
   but only the new pots. That already is five data lines with Arndt's
   data points. 
  

3) The v18 results with the bhf option are a puzzle to us. How many partial
   waves did you include? We use J up to 10. but is is strange since 
   our common bhf results with v14 seem to agree nicely. 





************  cd-bonn results